Secure externally hosted DDM assets guide (#49612)
fleetdm/fleet: articles/securing-externally-hosted-ddm-assets.md

## Conclusion

Externally hosted assets let you serve DDM asset data from wherever suits your infrastructure without routing it through Fleet. The `Mdm-Signature` header keeps that data protected: verify the signature, then confirm the certificate chains to Fleet's CA. Those two checks prove a request came from one of your enrolled devices, so unauthorized requests and devices from other Fleet servers cannot reach what you host. When your host terminates TLS, mTLS verifies the same identity certificate at the handshake and gives you that protection one layer earlier.

<meta name="articleTitle" value="How to secure externally hosted DDM assets">
<meta name="authorFullName" value="Magnus Jensen">
<meta name="authorGitHubUsername" value="MagnusHJensen">
<meta name="category" value="guides">
<meta name="publishedOn" value="2026-07-20">

> <meta name="description" value="A technical guide to securing externally hosted DDM assets by verifying the Apple MDM-Signature header, or mutual TLS, against Fleet's certificate authority.">

Author: ```suggestion
<meta name="description" value="A technical guide to securing externally hosted DDM assets by verifying the Apple MDM-Signature header, or mutual TLS (mTLS), against Fleet's CA.">
```
